✨ (helm/v2-alpha): Helm charts now include optional NetworkPolicy resources by default when none are defined in the informed Kustomize file. (#5708)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/available/helm-v2-alpha.md

    │   └── webhook-service.yaml
    ├── monitoring/
    │   └── servicemonitor.yaml
    ├── network-policy/
    │   ├── allow-metrics-traffic.yaml

>     │   └── allow-webhook-traffic.yaml

Reviewer: We need a comment here ( This file should ONLY be scaffolded when the project HasWebhooks).
Something like

```
    │   └── allow-webhook-traffic.yaml # When webhooks are found
```

Author: Updated the chart structure example

</aside>

### NetworkPolicy configuration

Set `networkPolicy.enable: true` to install NetworkPolicy resources for the manager pod.

> When your kustomize output includes NetworkPolicy resources, the plugin converts them into chart templates and sets `networkPolicy.enable: true`. When kustomize output does not include them, the plugin adds default templates for metrics traffic, and for webhook traffic when webhooks are enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the kustomize output includes `NetworkPolicy` resources, the plugin converts them into chart templates and sets `networkPolicy.enable: true`. When no `NetworkPolicy` resources are present in the kustomize output, the plugin generates default templates for metrics traffic, and also for webhook traffic when webhooks are detected in the provided kustomize input files.
```
